Inline assets for the wasm-transformer package (#119)
wasmerio/wasmer-js: packages/wasm-transformer/README.md

## Installation

```
npm install --save @wasmer/wasm-transformer
```

## Quick Start

For a larger example, see the [wasm-terminal](../../packages/wasm-terminal) package.

### Node Usage

```js
const wasmTransformer = require("@wasmer/wasm-transformer");

// Read in the input Wasm file
const wasmBuffer = fs.readFileSync("./my-wasm-file.wasm");

// Transform the binary
const wasmBinary = new Uint8Array(wasmBuffer);
const loweredBinary = wasmTransformer.lowerI64Imports(wasmBinary);

// Do something with loweredBinary
```

### Inlined (Development) Browser Usage

> The default import of `@wasmer/wasm-transformer` points to the inlined development bundle. This bundle **has it's wasm file from the `wasm_transformer` crate as a Base64 encoded URL in the bundle.** This is done for convience and developer experience. **Production applications that are being used by every day users should be using the production bundles instead**.

Reviewer: I don't think inlining can be considered only as "development mode".

Rather to point to development vs prod. I think it will be better to do the distinction between Inlined Wasm (default) and non-inlined:

```suggestion
The default import of `@wasmer/wasm-transformer` points to the inlined bundle. This bundle **has the wasm file from the `wasm_transformer` crate as a Base64 encoded URL in the bundle.**
This is done for convenience and developer experience.

However, there are use cases where we you might don't want to use the inlined Wasm (for example, when working with [PWAs](https://developers.google.com/web/progressive-web-apps)) For that case, you should be using the `@wasmer/wasm-transformed/non-inline` version.
```
